
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                      59559                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_mem_usage                                1489268                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    44.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                                   1350                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                   1000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_seconds                                  0.000060                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                       59559                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.clk_domain.clock                             1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState                  2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState                  2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls2.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls2.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls2.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls2.numStayReadState                  2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls2.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls2.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls2.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls2.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls2.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls2.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls2.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls2.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls2.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls2.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls2.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls2.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls2.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls2.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls2.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_0.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls2_1.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls2_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls3.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls3.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls3.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls3.numStayReadState                  2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls3.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls3.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls3.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls3.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls3.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls3.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls3.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls3.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls3.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls3.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls3.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls3.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls3.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls3.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls3.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_0.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls3_1.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls3_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls4.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls4.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls4.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls4.numStayReadState                  2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls4.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls4.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls4.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls4.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls4.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls4.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls4.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls4.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls4.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls4.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls4.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls4.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls4.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls4.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls4.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_0.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls4_1.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls4_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls5.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls5.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls5.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls5.numStayReadState                  2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls5.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls5.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls5.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls5.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls5.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls5.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls5.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls5.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls5.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls5.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls5.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls5.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls5.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls5.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls5.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_0.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls5_1.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls5_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls6.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls6.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls6.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls6.numStayReadState                  2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls6.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls6.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls6.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls6.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls6.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls6.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls6.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls6.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls6.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls6.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls6.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls6.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls6.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls6.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls6.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_0.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls6_1.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls6_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls7.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls7.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls7.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls7.numStayReadState                  2                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls7.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls7.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls7.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls7.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls7.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls7.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls7.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls7.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls7.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls7.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls7.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls7.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls7.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls7.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls7.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_0.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actBackEnergy              112176                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.averagePower           297.553418                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE         7792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::REF          260                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::SREF        43981                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN         7526                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preBackEnergy             2997504                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.prePowerDownEnergy        2889984                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.refreshEnergy        614640.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.selfRefreshEnergy        11107680                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalEnergy              17721984                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls7_1.totalIdleTime                7526                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls7_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Request::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request   |           1     12.50%     12.50% |           1     12.50%     25.00% |           1     12.50%     37.50% |           1     12.50%     50.00% |           1     12.50%     62.50% |           1     12.50%     75.00% |           1     12.50%     87.50% |           1     12.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Request::total            8                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples            8                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total            8                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples            8                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total             8                      
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                        1                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples            8                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean             1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total            8                      
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl4.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl5.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl6.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.cacheMemory.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000017                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time     0.999983                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.requestFromCache.avg_stall_time     1.999899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl7.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples              8                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean                 1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean                1                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total                8                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_latency 29955.642857                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_network_latency  6019.428571                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_queueing_latency 23936.214286                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vnet_latency | 7728.726562                       | 7728.726562                       | 4399.796875                       | 4399.796875                       |         nan                       |         nan                       | 2421.500000                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_flit_vqueue_latency |  755.273438                       |43634.273438                       |16790.203125                       |34397.203125                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |       27587                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_hops                    1                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_latency 30015.642857                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_network_latency  6079.428571                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_queueing_latency 23936.214286                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vnet_latency | 7788.726562                       | 7788.726562                       | 4459.796875                       | 4459.796875                       |         nan                       |         nan                       | 2481.500000                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.average_packet_vqueue_latency |  755.273438                       |43634.273438                       |16790.203125                       |34397.203125                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |       27587                       |         nan                       |         nan                       |         nan                      
system.ruby.network.avg_link_utilization     9.628100                      
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load          |    0.167632      1.74%      1.74% |    0.150439      1.56%      3.30% |    0.148290      1.54%      4.84% |    0.058026      0.60%      5.45% |    0.058026      0.60%      6.05% |    0.058026      0.60%      6.65% |    0.058026      0.60%      7.25% |    0.058026      0.60%      7.86% |    0.058026      0.60%      8.46% |    0.058026      0.60%      9.06% |    0.058026      0.60%      9.67% |    0.058026      0.60%     10.27% |    0.058026      0.60%     10.87% |    0.058026      0.60%     11.47% |    0.058026      0.60%     12.08% |    0.058026      0.60%     12.68% |    0.058026      0.60%     13.28% |    0.058026      0.60%     13.88% |    0.058026      0.60%     14.49% |    0.058026      0.60%     15.09% |    0.058026      0.60%     15.69% |    0.058026      0.60%     16.29% |    0.058026      0.60%     16.90% |    0.058026      0.60%     17.50% |    0.058026      0.60%     18.10% |    0.058026      0.60%     18.71% |    0.058026      0.60%     19.31% |    0.040833      0.42%     19.73% |    0.038684      0.40%     20.13% |    0.038684      0.40%     20.54% |    0.038684      0.40%     20.94% |    0.038684      0.40%     21.34% |    0.038684      0.40%     21.74% |    0.038684      0.40%     22.14% |    0.038684      0.40%     22.54% |    0.038684      0.40%     22.95% |    0.038684      0.40%     23.35% |    0.038684      0.40%     23.75% |    0.038684      0.40%     24.15% |    0.038684      0.40%     24.55% |    0.038684      0.40%     24.96% |    0.038684      0.40%     25.36% |    0.038684      0.40%     25.76% |    0.038684      0.40%     26.16% |    0.038684      0.40%     26.56% |    0.038684      0.40%     26.96% |    0.038684      0.40%     27.37% |    0.038684      0.40%     27.77% |    0.038684      0.40%     28.17% |    0.038684      0.40%     28.57% |    0.167632      1.74%     30.31% |    0.150439      1.56%     31.87% |    0.148290      1.54%     33.42% |    0.058026      0.60%     34.02% |    0.058026      0.60%     34.62% |    0.058026      0.60%     35.22% |    0.058026      0.60%     35.83% |    0.058026      0.60%     36.43% |    0.058026      0.60%     37.03% |    0.058026      0.60%     37.63% |    0.058026      0.60%     38.24% |    0.058026      0.60%     38.84% |    0.058026      0.60%     39.44% |    0.058026      0.60%     40.04% |    0.058026      0.60%     40.65% |    0.058026      0.60%     41.25% |    0.058026      0.60%     41.85% |    0.058026      0.60%     42.46% |    0.058026      0.60%     43.06% |    0.058026      0.60%     43.66% |    0.058026      0.60%     44.26% |    0.058026      0.60%     44.87% |    0.058026      0.60%     45.47% |    0.058026      0.60%     46.07% |    0.058026      0.60%     46.67% |    0.058026      0.60%     47.28% |    0.058026      0.60%     47.88% |    0.040833      0.42%     48.30% |    0.038684      0.40%     48.71% |    0.038684      0.40%     49.11% |    0.038684      0.40%     49.51% |    0.038684      0.40%     49.91% |    0.038684      0.40%     50.31% |    0.038684      0.40%     50.71% |    0.038684      0.40%     51.12% |    0.038684      0.40%     51.52% |    0.038684      0.40%     51.92% |    0.038684      0.40%     52.32% |    0.038684      0.40%     52.72% |    0.038684      0.40%     53.12% |    0.038684      0.40%     53.53% |    0.038684      0.40%     53.93% |    0.038684      0.40%     54.33% |    0.038684      0.40%     54.73% |    0.038684      0.40%     55.13% |    0.038684      0.40%     55.54% |    0.038684      0.40%     55.94% |    0.038684      0.40%     56.34% |    0.038684      0.40%     56.74% |    0.038684      0.40%     57.14% |    0.085965      0.89%     58.04% |    0.083816      0.87%     58.91% |    0.083816      0.87%     59.78% |    0.038684      0.40%     60.18% |    0.038684      0.40%     60.58% |    0.038684      0.40%     60.98% |    0.038684      0.40%     61.38% |    0.038684      0.40%     61.79% |    0.038684      0.40%     62.19% |    0.038684      0.40%     62.59% |    0.038684      0.40%     62.99% |    0.038684      0.40%     63.39% |    0.038684      0.40%     63.79% |    0.038684      0.40%     64.20% |    0.019342      0.20%     64.40% |    0.019342      0.20%     64.60% |    0.019342      0.20%     64.80% |    0.019342      0.20%     65.00% |    0.019342      0.20%     65.20% |    0.019342      0.20%     65.40% |    0.019342      0.20%     65.60% |    0.019342      0.20%     65.80% |    0.019342      0.20%     66.00% |    0.019342      0.20%     66.21% |    0.019342      0.20%     66.41% |    0.019342      0.20%     66.61% |    0.019342      0.20%     66.81% |    0.019342      0.20%     67.01% |    0.019342      0.20%     67.21% |    0.019342      0.20%     67.41% |    0.019342      0.20%     67.61% |    0.019342      0.20%     67.81% |    0.019342      0.20%     68.01% |    0.019342      0.20%     68.21% |    0.019342      0.20%     68.42% |    0.019342      0.20%     68.62% |    0.019342      0.20%     68.82% |    0.019342      0.20%     69.02% |    0.019342      0.20%     69.22% |    0.019342      0.20%     69.42% |    0.019342      0.20%     69.62% |    0.019342      0.20%     69.82% |    0.019342      0.20%     70.02% |    0.019342      0.20%     70.22% |    0.019342      0.20%     70.42% |    0.019342      0.20%     70.62% |    0.019342      0.20%     70.83% |    0.019342      0.20%     71.03% |    0.019342      0.20%     71.23% |    0.019342      0.20%     71.43% |    0.085965      0.89%     72.32% |    0.083816      0.87%     73.19% |    0.083816      0.87%     74.06% |    0.038684      0.40%     74.46% |    0.038684      0.40%     74.87% |    0.038684      0.40%     75.27% |    0.038684      0.40%     75.67% |    0.038684      0.40%     76.07% |    0.038684      0.40%     76.47% |    0.038684      0.40%     76.87% |    0.038684      0.40%     77.28% |    0.038684      0.40%     77.68% |    0.038684      0.40%     78.08% |    0.038684      0.40%     78.48% |    0.019342      0.20%     78.68% |    0.019342      0.20%     78.88% |    0.019342      0.20%     79.08% |    0.019342      0.20%     79.29% |    0.019342      0.20%     79.49% |    0.019342      0.20%     79.69% |    0.019342      0.20%     79.89% |    0.019342      0.20%     80.09% |    0.019342      0.20%     80.29% |    0.019342      0.20%     80.49% |    0.019342      0.20%     80.69% |    0.019342      0.20%     80.89% |    0.019342      0.20%     81.09% |    0.019342      0.20%     81.29% |    0.019342      0.20%     81.50% |    0.019342      0.20%     81.70% |    0.019342      0.20%     81.90% |    0.019342      0.20%     82.10% |    0.019342      0.20%     82.30% |    0.019342      0.20%     82.50% |    0.019342      0.20%     82.70% |    0.019342      0.20%     82.90% |    0.019342      0.20%     83.10% |    0.019342      0.20%     83.30% |    0.019342      0.20%     83.50% |    0.019342      0.20%     83.71% |    0.019342      0.20%     83.91% |    0.019342      0.20%     84.11% |    0.019342      0.20%     84.31% |    0.019342      0.20%     84.51% |    0.019342      0.20%     84.71% |    0.019342      0.20%     84.91% |    0.019342      0.20%     85.11% |    0.019342      0.20%     85.31% |    0.019342      0.20%     85.51% |    0.019342      0.20%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |    0.085965      0.89%     86.61% |    0.085965      0.89%     87.50% |    0.081667      0.85%     88.35% |    0.038684      0.40%     88.75% |    0.038684      0.40%     89.15% |    0.038684      0.40%     89.55% |    0.038684      0.40%     89.96% |    0.038684      0.40%     90.36% |    0.038684      0.40%     90.76% |    0.038684      0.40%     91.16% |    0.038684      0.40%     91.56% |    0.038684      0.40%     91.96% |    0.038684      0.40%     92.37% |    0.038684      0.40%     92.77% |    0.036535      0.38%     93.15% |    0.036535      0.38%     93.53% |    0.036535      0.38%     93.91% |    0.036535      0.38%     94.29% |    0.036535      0.38%     94.67% |    0.036535      0.38%     95.04% |    0.036535      0.38%     95.42% |    0.036535      0.38%     95.80% |    0.036535      0.38%     96.18% |    0.036535      0.38%     96.56% |    0.036535      0.38%     96.94% |    0.036535      0.38%     97.32% |    0.036535      0.38%     97.70% |    0.036535      0.38%     98.08% |    0.036535      0.38%     98.46% |    0.036535      0.38%     98.84% |    0.036535      0.38%     99.22% |    0.036535      0.38%     99.60% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.62% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.64% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.67% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.69% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.71% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.73% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.75% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.78% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.80% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.82% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.84% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.87% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.89% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.91% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.93% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.96% |    0.002149      0.02%     99.98% |    0.002149      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.avg_vc_load::total       9.628100                      
system.ruby.network.ext_in_link_utilization        57344                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links000.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links001.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links002.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links003.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links004.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links005.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links006.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links007.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links008.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links009.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links010.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links011.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links012.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links013.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links014.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links015.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links016.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links017.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links018.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links019.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links020.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links021.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links022.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links023.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links024.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links025.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links026.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links027.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links028.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links029.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links030.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links031.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links032.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links033.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links034.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links035.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links036.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links037.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links038.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links039.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links040.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links041.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links042.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links043.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links044.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links045.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links046.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links047.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links048.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links049.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links050.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links051.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links052.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links053.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links054.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links055.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links056.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links057.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links058.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links059.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links060.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links061.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links062.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links063.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links064.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links065.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links066.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links067.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links068.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links069.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links070.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links071.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links072.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links073.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links074.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links075.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links076.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links077.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links078.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links079.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links080.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links081.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links082.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links083.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links084.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links085.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links086.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links087.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links088.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links089.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links090.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links091.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links092.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links093.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links094.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links095.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links096.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links097.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links098.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links099.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links100.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links101.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links102.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links103.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links104.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links105.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links106.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links107.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links108.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links109.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links110.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links111.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links112.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links113.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links114.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links115.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links116.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links117.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links118.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links119.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links120.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links121.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links122.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links123.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links124.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links125.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links126.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links127.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links128.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links129.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links130.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links131.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links132.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links133.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links134.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links135.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links136.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links137.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links138.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links139.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links140.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links141.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links142.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links143.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links144.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links145.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links146.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links147.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links148.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links149.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links150.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links151.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links152.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links153.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links154.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links155.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links156.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links157.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links158.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.credit_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.credit_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.network_links0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.network_links1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.nic_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.nic_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.nic_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.nic_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.rtr_cred_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.rtr_cred_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.rtr_net_bridge0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_links159.rtr_net_bridge1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.ext_out_link_utilization        57344                      
system.ruby.network.flit_network_latency |   126627456                       |   126627456                       |    36043136                       |    36043136                       |           0                       |           0                       |    19836928                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.flit_queueing_latency |    12374400                       |   714903936                       |   137545344                       |   281781888                       |           0                       |           0                       |   225992704                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.flits_injected       |       16384     28.57%     28.57% |       16384     28.57%     57.14% |        8192     14.29%     71.43% |        8192     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |        8192     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_injected::total        57344                      
system.ruby.network.flits_received       |       16384     28.57%     28.57% |       16384     28.57%     57.14% |        8192     14.29%     71.43% |        8192     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |        8192     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.flits_received::total        57344                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_utilization       458752                      
system.ruby.network.int_links00.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links00.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links01.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links02.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links03.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links04.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links05.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links06.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links07.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links08.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links09.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links10.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links11.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links12.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links13.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links14.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links15.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links16.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links17.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links18.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links19.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links20.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links21.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links22.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links23.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links24.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links25.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links26.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links27.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links28.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links29.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links30.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links31.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links32.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links33.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links34.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links35.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links36.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links37.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links38.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links39.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links40.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links41.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links42.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links43.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links44.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links45.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links46.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links47.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links48.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links48.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links48.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links48.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links48.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links48.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links49.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links49.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links49.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links49.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links49.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links49.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links50.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links50.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links50.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links50.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links50.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links50.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links51.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links51.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links51.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links51.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links51.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links51.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links52.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links52.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links52.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links52.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links52.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links52.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links53.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links53.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links53.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links53.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links53.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links53.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links54.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links54.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links54.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links54.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links54.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links54.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links55.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links55.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links55.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links55.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links55.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links55.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links56.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links56.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links56.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links56.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links56.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links56.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links57.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links57.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links57.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links57.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links57.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links57.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links58.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links58.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links58.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links58.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links58.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links58.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links59.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links59.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links59.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links59.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links59.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links59.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links60.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links60.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links60.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links60.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links60.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links60.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links61.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links61.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links61.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links61.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links61.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links61.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links62.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links62.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links62.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links62.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links62.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links62.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links63.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links63.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links63.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links63.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links63.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links63.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links64.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links64.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links64.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links64.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links64.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links64.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links65.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links65.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links65.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links65.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links65.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links65.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links66.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links66.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links66.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links66.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links66.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links66.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links67.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links67.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links67.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links67.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links67.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links67.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links68.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links68.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links68.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links68.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links68.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links68.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links69.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links69.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links69.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links69.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links69.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links69.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links70.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links70.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links70.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links70.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links70.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links70.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links71.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links71.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links71.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links71.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links71.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links71.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links72.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links72.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links72.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links72.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links72.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links72.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links73.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links73.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links73.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links73.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links73.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links73.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links74.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links74.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links74.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links74.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links74.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links74.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links75.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links75.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links75.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links75.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links75.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links75.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links76.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links76.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links76.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links76.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links76.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links76.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links77.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links77.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links77.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links77.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links77.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links77.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links78.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links78.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links78.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links78.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links78.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links78.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links79.credit_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links79.network_link.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links79.rx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links79.rx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links79.tx_cred_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.int_links79.tx_net_bridge.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs000.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs001.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs002.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs003.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs004.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs005.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs006.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs007.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs008.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs009.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs010.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs011.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs012.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs013.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs014.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs015.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs016.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs017.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs018.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs019.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs020.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs021.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs022.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs023.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs024.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs025.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs026.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs027.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs028.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs029.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs030.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs031.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs032.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs033.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs034.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs035.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs036.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs037.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs038.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs039.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs040.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs041.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs042.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs043.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs044.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs045.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs046.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs047.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs048.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs049.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs050.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs051.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs052.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs053.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs054.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs055.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs056.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs057.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs058.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs059.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs060.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs061.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs062.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs063.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs064.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs065.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs066.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs067.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs068.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs069.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs070.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs071.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs072.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs073.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs074.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs075.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs076.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs077.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs078.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs079.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs080.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs081.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs082.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs083.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs084.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs085.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs086.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs087.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs088.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs089.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs090.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs091.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs092.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs093.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs094.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs095.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs096.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs097.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs098.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs099.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs100.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs101.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs102.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs103.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs104.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs105.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs106.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs107.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs108.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs109.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs110.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs111.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs112.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs113.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs114.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs115.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs116.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs117.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs118.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs119.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs120.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs121.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs122.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs123.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs124.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs125.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs126.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs127.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs128.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs129.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs130.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs131.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs132.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs133.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs134.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs135.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs136.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs137.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs138.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs139.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs140.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs141.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs142.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs143.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs144.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs145.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs146.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs147.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs148.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs149.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs150.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs151.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs152.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs153.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs154.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs155.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs156.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs157.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs158.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.netifs159.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.packet_network_latency |     7975656                       |     7975656                       |     2283416                       |     2283416                       |           0                       |           0                       |     1270528                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.packet_queueing_latency |      773400                       |    44681496                       |     8596584                       |    17611368                       |           0                       |           0                       |    14124544                       |           0                       |           0                       |           0                      
system.ruby.network.packets_injected     |        1024     28.57%     28.57% |        1024     28.57%     57.14% |         512     14.29%     71.43% |         512     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |         512     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_injected::total         3584                      
system.ruby.network.packets_received     |        1024     28.57%     28.57% |        1024     28.57%     57.14% |         512     14.29%     71.43% |         512     14.29%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |           0      0.00%     85.71% |         512     14.29%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.network.packets_received::total         3584                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_reads        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.buffer_writes        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.crossbar_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_input_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.sw_output_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_reads        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.buffer_writes        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.crossbar_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_input_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.sw_output_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_reads        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.buffer_writes        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.crossbar_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_input_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.sw_output_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_reads        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.buffer_writes        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.crossbar_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_input_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.sw_output_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.buffer_reads        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.buffer_writes        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.crossbar_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.sw_input_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.sw_output_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.buffer_reads        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.buffer_writes        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.crossbar_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.sw_input_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.sw_output_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.buffer_reads        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.buffer_writes        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.crossbar_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.sw_input_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.sw_output_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.buffer_reads        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.buffer_writes        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.crossbar_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.sw_input_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.sw_output_arbiter_activity        14336                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples            8                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total            8                      
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED        59559                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
